feat(docs): added query insights page (#7619)
prisma/docs: apps/docs/content/docs/postgres/database/query-insights.mdx

## How to use it

When an endpoint gets slow, Query Insights gives you a practical workflow:

1. Open Query Insights and scan the latency and queries-per-second charts.
2. Sort or filter the query list to isolate the expensive statement.
3. Open the query detail view.
4. Read the AI analysis and inspect the SQL.
5. Copy the suggested prompt and paste it into your editor.
6. Review the suggested change, then apply it in code or schema.
7. Re-run the workload and compare the same signals again.

In most cases, the next change falls into one of these buckets:

- Change the Prisma query shape
- Add or adjust an index
- Return fewer fields or fewer rows
- Cache repeated work

## Example

A common example is an N+1 pattern:
```ts
const users = await prisma.user.findMany({
  select: { id: true, name: true, email: true },
});

for (const user of users) {
  await prisma.post.findMany({
    where: { authorId: user.id },
    select: { id: true, title: true },
  });
}
```

Query Insights would typically show:

- One query to load users
- Many repeated queries to load posts
- A high execution count for the same statement shape
- More reads and latency than the route should need

> In this case, the likely fix is to load the related posts in one nested read:

Reviewer: be more direct:

```suggestion
In this case, the fix is usually to fetch the related posts in a single nested read:
```
